<<<<<<< HEAD
# Absorption_Tauc_plot
The program is for plotting absorption spectra and Tauc transformation for direct/indirect allowed transition based on UV-Vis absorption data. The program reads txt files in the current directory. The files should contain two columns Wavelength (nm) and Absorbance (Kubelka-Munk function). You should specify the type of your semiconductor 0 for direct, 1 for indirect or if you do not have any information about type semiconductor. The program creates txt file with data in 5 columns: Wavelength (nm), Absorbance, Energy, eV, Direct transition, Indirect transition, for further plotting of the figures. The corresponding simple figures of the absorption spectra, Tauc plot for direct/indirect transition are also generated.
=======
# Absorption spectra plot and making Tauc transformation
The program is for plotting absorption spectra and Tauc transformation for direct/indirect allowed transition based on UV-Vis absorption data. The program reads txt files in the current directory. The files should contain two columns Wavelength (nm) and Absorbance (Kubelka-Munk function). You should specify the type of your semiconductor 0 for direct, 1 for indirect or if you do not have any information about type semiconductor. The program creates txt file with data in 5 columns: Wavelength (nm), Absorbance,  Energy, eV, Direct transition, Indirect transition, for further plotting of the figures. The corresponding simple figures of the absorption spectra, Tauc plot for direct/indirect transition are also generated. 
>>>>>>> 5bf448628836ea9f5638e4db438eff84bca53cab
